[EERIE ELECTRONIC MUSIC]
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[REPORTER]
Good evening.
This is Thomas Williams at
V1 Studios with breaking news.
Across the globe
there have been reports
of small tremors
and power outages
all centring from a single
point of origin in London.
We go now to our affiliates
on the ground in London
to find out more.
Thanks. Thomas.
We are now outside the arena.
where it is very quiet
compared to the chaos that was
reported only hours earlier.
We have received
hundreds of reports
of flashing neon lights
in the sky
only moments after power outages
occurred across the city.
Officials have given
no answers.
but it is clear
that it is centred here.
where the military
are now focusing their efforts
to set up
some kind of investigation.
We will continue to report
any updates.
[HEAVY BREATHING]
[MAN] Get ready.
[CRACKLES]
We're close.
[LABOURED BREATHING]
Oh. my God.
Central. we've located
the energy source.
[MAN 2]
Do you feel that?
[MAN] Yeah.
Murphy. take the lead.
We got your six.
[MURPHY] Copy.
[MAN] I've never seen EMF
and radiation levels this high.
[MAN 2] Infrared and motion
are spiking too.
[MAN] Central.
we have reached the target.
Permission to proceed?
[WOMAN]  Permission granted.
Proceed with caution.
[MAN] Copy that.
Let's go.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
Anyone have a visual?
[MAN 2] Nothing.
It's freezing up here.
[MURPHY] We've got movement
at 12 o'clock.
[MAN]
Murphy. do not engage.
[MURPHY] This is incredible.
[MAN] That is a direct order.
[MURPHY] It's...
It's an arcade console.
Anyone got a quarter?
[SCREAMS]
- [MAN] Something's wrong.
- [YELLS]
- What happened?
- Are you hearing this?
[MAN] Someone grab him!
- Murphy!
[MURPHY] The sound...
The sound... Oh!
The sound!
It's getting louder!
- Murphy?
- [YELLS]
- [CHEERING]
Help me!
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
What the fuck?
So many people.
Who are they?
Central.
we have a big problem.
[♪ MUSIC: "Algorithm"]
♪
[CROWD CHEERING]
♪ Burn like a slave
♪ Churn like a cog
♪ We are caged in simulations
♪ Algorithms evolve
♪ And push us aside
♪ Render us obsolete
♪ This means war
♪ With your creator
♪ Reload
♪ Crash out
♪ This means war
♪ With your creator
[GUITAR SOLO]
[SUSTAINED NOTE]
[♪ MUSIC: "Pressure"]
[CHEERING]
♪ I'm trapped and my back's
up against the wall
♪ I see no solution
or exit out
♪ I'm grinding it out
No one can see
♪ The pressure's growing
exponentially
♪ I'm trying to keep
up to speed with you
♪ Your lane changing
is oscillating me
♪ I'm hitting the ground
and I'm sprinting
♪ I'm falling behind now
I'm tuning out
♪ Pressure building
♪ Don't push me
(Aah)
♪ Let me get off the ground
(Don't push me)
♪ To you I'm no longer bound
(Ooh wee aah)
♪ Don't stop me
♪ Don't choke me
(Ooh wee aah)
♪ I need you out of my head
(Pressure)
♪ You've got me
close to the edge
♪ (Pressure)
[CHEERING]
♪ I'm feeling the pressure
I can't break out
♪ No one can hear me
scream and shout
♪ Get her out of my face.
out of my mind
♪ I see your corruption
I'm not blind
♪ And I'll carry the burden
and take the strain
♪ And when I am done
I will make you pay
♪ Pressure building
♪ Don't push me
(Aah)
♪ Let me get off the ground
(Don't push me)
♪ To you I'm no longer bound
(Ooh wee aah)
♪ Don't curb me
♪ Don't thwart me
(Ooh wee aah)
♪ I need you out of my head
(Pressure)
♪ You've got me
close to the edge
♪ (Pressure)
♪ Pressure building
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
[HEAVY BREATHING]
[MURPHY] Aye. sir.
[MAN] He's over here.
- Murphy. are you OK?
- Aye. sir.
- What's he looking at?
- [MURPHY] Aye. sir.
Murphy. what do you see?
[MURPHY] Aye. sir.
[DRILL SERGEANT]
If you do not do
what you are told to do
when you're told to do it.
you will be punished.
- Do you understand?
- [ALL] Aye. sir!
If you leave my base
without proper authorisation.
I will hunt you down
and throw your ass in jail.
- Do you understand?
- [ALL] Aye. sir!
- I can't hear you!
- Scream it!
- [ALL] Aye. sir!
- Your ass belongs to me now!
[♪ MUSIC: "Psycho"]
♪ Love
♪ It will get you nowhere
♪ You are on your own
♪ Lost in the wild
♪ So come to me now
♪ I could use someone like you
♪ Someone who'll kill
on my command
♪ And asks no questions
(I'm gonna make you)
♪ (I'm gonna break you)
♪ (I'm gonna make you)
♪ A fucking psycho
♪ Your ass belongs to me
now. now
♪ Whoa...
- Are you a human drone?
- [ALL] Aye. sir!
- Are you a killing machine?
I'm in control. motherfucker.
- Do you understand?
- [ALL] Aye. sir!
♪ Your mind is just a program
♪ I'm the virus
♪ I'm changing the station
♪ And I'll improve
your thresholds
♪ I'll turn you
into a super drone
♪ (Super drone)
♪ And you will kill
on my command
♪ I won't be responsible
(I'm gonna make you)
♪ (I'm gonna break you)
♪ (I'm gonna make you)
♪ A fucking psycho
♪ Your ass belongs to me
now. now
♪ Whoa...
Are you a psycho killer?
Say "I'm a psycho killer!"
I am a psycho killer!
- Scream it!
- I am a psycho killer!
- Show me your war face!
- [YELLING]
You are a pussy!
I said show me your war face!
[YELLING]
[RHYTHMIC CLAPPING]
♪ (I'm gonna make you)
♪ (I'm gonna break you)
♪ A fucking psycho
♪ Your ass belongs to me
now. now
♪ Whoa...
♪
[ALL] Aye. sir!
♪ You fucking psycho
♪ Your ass belongs to me now
♪ Your ass belongs to me
now. now
♪ Whoa
♪ Yeah
[PLAYS SUSTAINED NOTES]
[SUSTAINED NOTES CONTINUE]
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
[MAN]
We've canvassed the area.
There's no sign of anything.
no arcade. no crowd.
[MURPHY] There were
thousands of people. I saw them.
[MAN 2]
And they vanished.
Well. there's nothing here.
[MURPHY] Something's not right.
Do you hear that?
[SCREAMS]
[MAN] Central. come in.
There's been an incident.
It's Murphy.
He needs immediate treatment.
[WOMAN]
It's too late to save him.
But he can be of greater use.
Bring him in for extraction.
[MAN] Loading the extraction.
Put him on the table.
[MURPHY GASPS FOR BREATH]
[MAN] Quick. get his hands!
[MAN 2] I'm trying.
[MAN] Oh. my God.
[MAN 2] Almost ready.
[MAN] We don't have much time.
Murphy. stay with me.
[MAN 2] We're losing him!
[MAN] OK. we're up and running.
NoHack is ready.
[♪ MUSIC: "Break It To Me"]
♪ (Break it to me)
♪ Don't dress it up
Don't beat around the bush
♪ And don't cover it up
and don't push it underground
♪ And don't keep it inside
and don't edit and redact
♪ And no dumbing it down
and don't fake it
♪ Just
(Break it to me)
♪ (Break it to me)
♪ I can handle
the truth
♪ I can cope with whatever
you're holding back
♪ No need to sugar-coat
(Break it to me)
♪ (Break it to me)
♪ I know how to mend
♪ I can rise
♪ High above the ashes
♪ I'll reinvent
♪ I will re-emerge
♪ Reborn
♪ Yeah
♪ (Break it to me)
♪ Don't dress it up
Don't beat around the bush
♪ And don't cover it up
and don't push it underground
♪ And don't keep it inside
and don't edit and redact
♪ And no dumbing it down
and don't fake it
♪ Just
(Break it to me)
♪ (Break it to me)
♪ I know how to mend
♪ I can rise
♪ High above the ashes
♪ I'll reinvent
♪ I will re-emerge
♪ Reborn
♪ Yeah
♪ (Break it to me)
[CHEERING]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
[MAN] His virus code
is sequenced. Subject's stable.
[WHEEZES]
Hang in there. Murph.
All right.
let's hope this works.
The gateway is open.
Making contact
in three. two. one.
Whoa.
[WOMAN SAYS "Hello"
IN DIFFERENT LANGUAGES]
[MAN] Hello.
[WOMAN]  Hello.
- Did you hear that?
- Yeah.
What are you?
We are NPCs
created by the mainframe.
NPC...
What's the mainframe?
The mainframe is the server
hosting all realities.
There's been a tear
in your simulation.
creating a virus
infecting your realm.
And now these errors
must be corrected.
What errors?
You are the error.
[BLEEPING]
The mainframe
has already set in motion
the creation of a malicious
universal reality formatter.
The Truth Slayer.
A nihilistic machine
designed to correct
your simulation's defect.
It will erase. reset
and format your world.
♪ We will pray
♪ Pray with
♪ With me...
You need to see this.
♪ We can
♪ Bring her back
♪ Pray. pray
♪ Pray with me
♪ Ooh
[CHEERING]
Virus... mainframe...
Truth Slayer?
How can we stop it?
[♪ MUSIC: "The Dark Side"]
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah
♪ Whoa-oo-oo-oo
♪ I have lived in darkness
♪ For all my life
♪ I've been pursued
♪ You'd be afraid
♪ If you could feel my pain
♪ If you could see the things
♪ I am able to see
♪ Break me out
♪ Let me flee
♪ Set me free
♪ I hail from the dark side
♪ For all my life
♪ I've been besieged
♪ You'd be scared
♪ Living with my despair
♪ And if you could feel
the things
♪ I am able to feel
♪ Break me out
♪ Let me flee
♪ Set me free
♪
♪ Break me out
♪ Let me flee
♪ Set me free
♪ Save me from the dark side
♪ Break me out
♪ Let me flee
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
[SLOW MELODY]
[CHEERING]
♪
[♪ MUSIC:
"Supermassive Black Hole"]
♪ Ooh. baby.
don't you know I suffer?
can't you hear me moan?
♪ You caught me
under false pretences
♪ How long
before you let me go?
♪ Ooh
♪ You set my soul alight
♪ Set my soul alight
♪ (Glaciers melting
in the dead of night)
♪ (And the superstar's sucked)
Set my soul alight
♪ (Into the supermassive)
♪ (Glaciers melting
in the dead of night)
♪ (And the superstar's sucked)
Set my soul
♪ (Into the supermassive)
♪ I thought
I was a fool for no one
♪ Ooh. baby.
I'm a fool for you
♪ You're the queen
of the superficial
♪ How long
before you tell the truth?
♪ Ooh
♪ You set my soul alight
♪ Set my soul alight
♪ (Glaciers melting
in the dead of night)
♪ (And the superstar's sucked)
Set my soul alight
♪ (Into the supermassive)
♪ (Glaciers melting
in the dead of night)
♪ (And the superstar's sucked)
Set my soul
♪ (Into the supermassive)
♪ Supermassive black hole
[GUITAR SOLO]
♪ (Glaciers melting
in the dead of night)
♪ (And the superstar's sucked
into the supermassive)
♪ (Glaciers melting
in the dead of night)
♪ (And the superstar's sucked
into the supermassive)
♪ (Glaciers melting
in the dead of night)
♪ (And the superstar's sucked)
Set my soul alight
♪ (Into the supermassive)
♪ (Glaciers melting
in the dead of night)
♪ (And the superstar's sucked)
Set my soul
♪ Supermassive black hole
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
[MAN]
This is an emergency...
[REPORTER]  We are being told
to leave immediately here.
which is now the fourth area
to be evacuated tonight.
[SNARLS]
It is anticipated that more
quarantine areas will pop up
as this unknown contagion
continues to spread.
We can only pray
for more answers by daybreak
when the prime minister is said
to be making a formal statement.
Until then. fear has washed
over London tonight.
[♪ MUSIC: "Thought Contagion"]
♪ Strung out
Falling from the big time
♪ Welcome to the infinite
black skies
♪ Brain cleansed
Fractured identity
♪ Fragments
and scattered debris
♪ Whoa. oh. oh. oh
Oh. oh. oh
♪ Thought contagion
♪ Whoa. oh. oh. oh
Oh. oh. oh
♪ Thought contagion
♪ Fall down
Learn when to count it out
♪ Prop me up
before I black out
♪ Withdraw before
you're out of time
♪ Clean slate
Buried war crimes
♪ You've been bitten
by a true believer
♪ You've been bitten by someone
who's hungrier than you
♪ You've been bitten
by a true believer
♪ You've been bitten by...
Let me hear everyone sing it!
♪ Whoa. oh. oh. oh
Oh. oh. oh
♪ Thought contagion
♪ Whoa. oh. oh. oh
Oh. oh. oh
♪ Thought contagion
♪ They'll never do
what you want 'em to
♪ Give it up
and watch it break through
♪ It's too late
for a revolution
♪ Brace for the final solution
♪ Whoa. oh. oh. oh
Oh. oh. oh
♪ Thought contagion
♪ Whoa. oh. oh. oh
Oh. oh. oh
♪ Thought contagion
♪ You've been bitten
by a true believer
♪ You've been bitten by someone
who's hungrier than you
♪ You've been bitten
by a true believer
by someone's false beliefs
♪ Whoa. oh. oh. oh
Oh. oh. oh
♪ Thought contagion
♪ Whoa. oh. oh. oh
Oh. oh. oh
♪ Thought contagion
♪ Strung out
Falling from the big time
♪ Welcome to the infinite
black skies
♪ It's too late
for a revolution
♪ Brace for the final solution
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
[MANCentral Command.
we need immediate fumigation.
The virus has gotten
out of control.
We need immediate fumigation.
[♪ MUSIC: "Uprising"]
♪
♪ Paranoia is in bloom
♪ The PR transmissions
will resume
♪ They'll try to push drugs
that keep us all dumbed down
♪ And hope that we will never
see the truth around
♪ (So come on)
♪ Another promise. another seed
♪ Another packaged lie
to keep us trapped in greed
♪ And all the green belts
wrapped around our minds
♪ And endless red tape
to keep the truth confined
♪ (So come on)
Let me hear you sing it!
[AUDIENCE]
♪ (They will not force us)
♪ (They will stop degrading us)
♪ (They will not control us)
♪ And we will be victorious
♪ (So come on)
♪ Interchanging mind control
♪ Come. let the revolution
take its toll
♪ If you could flick the switch
and open your third eye
♪ You'd see that we should never
be afraid to die
♪ (So come on)
♪ Rise up
and take the power back
♪ It's time the fat cats
had a heart attack
♪ You know that their time
is coming to an end
♪ We have to unify
and watch our flag ascend
♪ (So come on)
Hey!
Hit it!
♪ They will not force us
♪ They will stop degrading us
♪ They will not control us
♪ And we will be victorious
[AUDIENCE]
Hey!
♪ They will not force us
♪ They will stop degrading us
♪ They will not control us
♪ We will be victorious
♪
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
[WOMAN]
Let the fumigation begin.
♪ Pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro
pro-pro-pro-propaganda
pro-pro-pro-propa-gan-ganda
♪ Propa-gan-gan
Propa-propa-gan-ganda
♪ Floozy
♪ You got me trapped
in your dark fantasy world
♪ Don't you know
you make me woozy?
♪ You have me wrapped
around your little finger
♪ Baby. don't you know
you can't lose
♪ You make me offers
that I can't refuse
♪ You keep telling pretty lies
♪ You toy with the truth
♪ Oh. you're killing me
with your
♪ Pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro
pro-pro-pro-propaganda
pro-pro-pro-propa-gan-ganda
♪ Propa-gan-gan
Propa-propa-gan-ganda
♪ Cold chick
♪ You ate my soul
just like a Death Eater
♪ I'm the ocean
You're an oil slick
♪ Now I am choking
on your thought pollution
♪ Baby. don't you know
you can't lose
♪ You make me offers
that I can't refuse
♪ You keep telling pretty lies
♪ You toy with the truth
♪ Oh. you're killing me
with your
♪ Pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro
pro-pro-pro-propaganda
pro-pro-pro-propa-gan-ganda
♪ Propa-gan-gan
Propa-propa-gan-ganda
♪
♪ Can't lose
♪ You make me offers
that I can't refuse
♪ You keep telling
pretty lies. babe
♪ Baby. don't you know
you can't lose
♪ You make me offers
that I can't refuse. yeah
♪ You keep telling
pretty lies. babe
♪ Baby. don't you know
you can't lose
♪ You make me offers
that I can't refuse. yeah
♪ You keep telling pretty lies
♪ You toy with the truth
♪ Oh. you're killing me
with your
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
[WOMAN]  Are you lonely?
Is the search for love
driving you mad?
With the global population
hitting 15 billion.
how will you ever find
your soul mate?
Plug in now and let
the algorithm connect you
to the hottest singles online.
Experience
the emotionality rush.
We know what you need.
and it feels better than real.
Plug in now.
[MAN]  Emotionality Rush
is a trademark of the mainframe.
Every minute online equals
seven years of human life.
Plugging in waives your rights
to your thoughts. We own you.
♪ Ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma
mad. mad. mad
♪ I...
♪ I can't get these memories
out of my mind
♪ And some kind of madness
♪ Has started to evolve
(Ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma)
♪ (Mad. mad. mad)
Yeah
And I...
♪ I tried so hard
to let you go
♪ But some kind of madness
♪ Is swallowing me whole
(Ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma)
♪ (Mad. mad. mad)
Yeah
♪ And I have finally
♪ Seen the light
♪ And I have finally realised
♪ What you mean
[CHEERING]
♪ Ooh
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh
♪ And now I need to know
♪ Is this real love?
♪ Or is it just madness
♪ Keeping us afloat?
♪ Yeah
♪ When I look back
♪ At all the crazy fights
we've had
♪ Like some kind of madness
♪ Was taking control. yeah
♪ And now I have finally
♪ Seen the light
♪ And now
I have finally realised
♪ What you need
[CHEERING]
♪ Mmm. mmm-mmm.
mmm. mmm. mmm. mmm. mmm
[GUITAR SOLO]
♪ (Ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma
mad. mad. mad)
♪ Now I have finally
reached the end
♪ (Finally reached the end)
♪ And I'm not expecting you
to care
♪ (Expecting you to care)
♪ And I have finally seen
the light
♪ (Finally seen the light)
♪ And I have finally realised
♪ (Realised)
♪ I need your love
♪ Love
♪ Come to me
♪ Just in a dream
♪ Come on. rescue me
♪ Yes. I know
I can't be wrong
♪ Baby. you're too headstrong
♪ Our love is
♪ (Ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma
mad. mad. mad)
♪ Ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-madness.
yeah
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
Here at V1.
we wanted to take a moment
to say we appreciate
your loyalty and viewership.
[WOMAN]  Your daily engagement
and consumption...
Your daily engagement
What?
What are you doing in there?
- ...as your source for truth.
It is our greatest
responsibility to serve...
[WOMAN] ...quality and balance
to an item.
They've taken control.
False news.
like today's outbreak...
...makes its way into headlines.
Our commitment
to factual reporting
is the foundation
of our credibility.
Now more than ever...
We cannot stress enough
how important it is
for our viewers to know...
[WOMAN]
There is no virus.
- There is no virus.
No virus.
[WOMAN]
And there is nothing to fear.
♪ They'll say no one
can see us
♪ That we're estranged
and all alone
♪ They believe
nothing can reach us
♪ And pull us out
of the boundless gloom
♪ They're wrong
♪ Baby. they're wrong
♪ They'll say the sun is dying
♪ And the fragile
can't be saved
♪ And the cold.
it will devour us
♪ And we won't rise up
and slay giants
♪ They're wrong
♪ Baby. they're wrong
♪
♪ It takes
♪ A leap of faith
♪ To awake
♪ From these delusions
♪ You are the coder
♪ And avatar
♪ A star
♪ They'll say
no one can find us
♪ That we're estranged
and all alone
♪ They believe
no one can reach us
♪ And pull us out
of the boundless gloom
♪ They're wrong
♪ Babe. they're wrong
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
[WOMAN]
Your world is already changing.
The infection is spreading.
And now
the disinformation has begun.
[CHANTING]
[REPORTER]     We have gained
access to the arena
where we believe
all of these rumours began.
The entire city
has ended its lockdown.
as official word
has been received
that the virus
was in fact a hoax
and that people are free
and safe to leave their homes.
This has not stopped
a growing number of protestors
from rioting in the streets
as they attempt
to siege the arena.
As you can see behind me.
radicals are demanding answers
for the thousands of people
they claim missing
after tonight's false reports.
[MAN]     They've been lying!
They're lying to us!
They're liars!
[♪ MUSIC: "Dig Down"]
♪ When hope and love
have been lost
♪ And you fall to the ground
♪ You must find a way
♪ When the darkness descends
♪ And you're told it's the end
♪ You must find a way
♪ When God decides
to look the other way
♪ And a clown takes the throne
♪ We must find a way
♪ And face the firing squad
♪ Against all the odds
♪ We must find a way
♪ Yeah
♪ Dig down
♪ And find faith
♪ When you're close
to the edge
♪ With a gun to your head
♪ You must find a way
♪ When friends
are thin on the ground
♪ And they try to divide us
♪ We must find a way
♪ We have entered the fray
♪ And we will not obey
♪ We must find a way. yeah...
Here we go!
♪ Dig down
♪ Dig down and find faith
♪ When they've left you for dead
(Dig down)
♪ And you can only see red
♪ You must find a way
♪ Well. dig down
(Dig down)
♪ (Dig down)
♪ Find faith
♪ We won't let them divide
(Dig down)
♪ We will never abide
♪ We must find a way...
Sing it!
♪ (Dig down
Whoa. oh. oh)
Whoa. oh. oh. oh)
♪ (Whoa. oh. oh)
♪ (Dig down
Whoa. oh. oh)
Whoa. oh. oh. oh)
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
[HOWLING]
[MAN]
Put your hands in the air!
[♪ MUSIC: "Mercy"]
♪ Help me
♪ I've fallen on the inside
♪ I tried to change the game
♪ I tried to infiltrate
♪ But now I'm losing
♪ Men in cloaks
♪ Always seem to run the show
♪ Save me from the ghosts
and shadows
♪ Before they eat my soul
♪ Mercy
♪ Show me mercy
♪ From the powers that be
♪ Can someone rescue me?
[CHEERING]
♪ Whoa
♪ Absent gods and silent tyranny
♪ We're going under
hypnotised...
♪ Puppeteer
♪ And tell...
♪ Men in cloaks
♪ Always have to bring me down
♪ Running from the ghosts
and shadows
♪ The world just disavows...
Here we go!
♪ Mercy
♪ Show me mercy
♪ From the powers that be
♪ Can someone rescue me?
♪ Show me mercy
♪ Show me mercy. please...
We love you!
♪ Help me
♪ I've fallen on the inside
♪ And all the men in cloaks
♪ Trying to devour my soul
♪ Show me mercy
♪ From the powers that be
♪ From the gutless and mean
♪ Mercy
♪ From the killing machines
♪ Show me mercy
♪ Can someone rescue me. yeah
♪
[WOMAN]
Welcome to Simulation Theory.
Select your totem.
Good luck.
[♪ MUSIC: "Take A Bow"]
♪ Corrupt
You corrupt
♪ And bring corruption
to all that you touch
♪ Hold
You'll behold
♪ And beholden
for all that you've done
♪ And spell
Cast a spell
♪ Cast a spell
on the country you run
♪ And risk
You will risk
♪ You will risk all their lives
and their souls
♪ And burn
You will burn
♪ You will burn in hell. yeah
♪ You'll burn in hell
♪ Burn in hell
♪ For your sins
♪ Ooh
♪ And our freedom's
consuming itself
♪ And what we've become
♪ It's contrary
to what we want
♪ Take a bow...
[WOMAN]
Intruder alert.
What's happening?
[WOMAN]  The One
has entered the mainframe.
♪
♪ Death
♪ You bring death
and destruction
♪ To all that you touch
♪ Pay
You must pay
♪ You must pay for your crimes
against the earth
♪ Yeah. hex
Feed the hex
♪ Feed the hex
on the country you love
♪ And beg
You will beg
♪ You will beg for their lives
and their souls
♪ Burn
♪ Burn in hell
Yeah. you'll burn in hell
♪ You'll burn in hell
♪ Yeah
(Burn in hell)
♪ (Yeah. you'll burn in hell
for your sins)
♪ Yeah
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
[WOMAN]
Simulations within simulations
more infinite than the stars
you look upon at night.
All created by the most
powerful code in existence.
How can one man defeat
the never-ending mainframe?
He levels up.
[♪ MUSIC: "Starlight"]
♪ Whoa. whoa. whoa
♪ And far away
♪ This ship has taken me
far away
♪ Far away from the memories
♪ Of the people who care
if I live or die
♪ And starlight
♪ I will be chasing
a starlight
♪ Until the end of my life
♪ I don't know
if it's worth it any more...
Can you sing it?
[AUDIENCE]
♪ (Hold you in my arms)
♪ (I just wanted to hold you
in my arms)
♪ And my life
♪ You electrify my life
♪ Let's conspire to ignite
♪ All the souls that would die
just to feel alive...
Here we go!
♪ I'll never let you go
♪ If you promise
not to fade away
♪ Never fade away
[AUDIENCE]
♪ (Our hopes and expectations)
♪ (Black holes and revelations)
Let me hear you
at the top there!
♪ (Our hopes and expectations)
♪ Black holes and revelations
♪ Hold you in my arms
♪ I just wanted to hold you
in my arms
♪ And far away
♪ This ship has taken me
far away
♪ Far away from the memories
♪ Of the people who care
if I live or die...
Here we go!
♪ I'll never let you go
♪ If you promise
not to fade away
♪ Never fade away
♪ Our hopes and expectations
♪ Black holes
and revelations. yeah
♪ Our hopes and expectations
♪ Black holes and revelations...
Sing it!
[AUDIENCE]
♪ (Hold you in my arms)
♪ I just wanted to hold you
in my arms
♪ I just wanted to hold
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
[ELECTRONIC MUSIC]
♪
[♪ MUSIC: "Algorithm"]
♪ Burn like a slave
♪ And churn like a cog
♪ We are caged in simulations
♪ And algorithms evolve
♪ And push us aside
♪ Render us obsolete
♪ This means war
♪ With your creator
♪ Reload
♪ Crash out
♪ This means war
♪ With your creator
♪
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
- This can't be good.
- [WHEEZES]
[CONTINUOUS BLEEP]
[WOMAN]
Please evacuate immediately.
Goodbye.
We're too late.
Holy fuck.
The Truth Slayer.
[♪ MUSIC: "Stockholm Syndrome"]
♪ I won't stand in your way
♪ Let your hatred grow
♪ Yeah. she'll scream
and she'll shout
♪ And she'll pray
♪ And she had a name
♪ Yeah. she had a name
♪ This is the last time
♪ I'll abandon you
♪ I'll forget you
♪ I wish I could
♪ Yeah. I wish I could
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
[♪ MUSIC: "The Handler"]
♪ You were my oppressor
♪ And I
♪ I have been programmed
to obey
♪ But now
♪ You are my handler
♪ And I
♪ I will execute your demands
♪ Leave me alone
♪ I must disassociate
♪ From you
♪ Yeah
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
[♪ MUSIC: "Assassin"]
[♪ MUSIC: "New Born"]
♪
♪ Destroy the spineless
♪ Show me it's real
♪ Wasting our last chance
♪ To come away
♪ Just break the silence
♪ And I'm drifting away
♪ Away from you
♪ Yeah
♪
[WOMAN]  You may have regained
control of this reality.
but there are many.
[WOMAN]
There is no virus.
-     [MAN] No virus.
-  [MAN 2] There is no virus.
[WOMAN]
And there is nothing to fear.
[MAN]
[MAN 2]
And there is nothing to fear.
[ELECTRONIC MUSIC]
♪
[MAN]  This might be the
beginning or the end of things.
I'm not sure.
I kind of feel like
I don't even know
what the truth is any more...
more... more... more.
Do you?
I do know that we have been
lied to and manipulated
for too long.
Far. far too long.
I'm sick and tired of it.
goddamn it.
We hide in our homes.
scrolling through feeds
of other people's
fantasy made-up lives.
while the algorithms give us
bite-size information
tailored to what corporations.
lying politicians
and foreign powers
want us to see and believe.
We've blindly clicked 'Accept'
to their terms and conditions
too... too many times.
And now we are owned.
We have been reduced
to nothing more
than data to be bought and sold
to the highest bidder.
so they can sell us more crap
we don't need.
make us angry
at things we never cared about.
We've turned
into consumption machines.
d-d-destroying each other
and the only planet we have.
Whatever happened
to human dignity and privacy?
We thought we had escaped
into our own quiet little world.
But no.
No. they had to invade
our minds.
They wanna control and
manipulate the entire reality.
But I have to wonder.
who are "they"?
Is there even
a "they" any more?
Maybe the algorithms and AI
have become the new "they".
and maybe they now control us
and manipulate us.
Well. they know us
better than we know ourselves.
We-we-we have to wake up.
It's time to wake up!
Wake up. people!
Wake up!
Don't just sit there watching!
Do something!
This is our last chance
to take back control
before it's too late.
♪
[ENGINE REVS]
[MUSIC ENDS]